[Docs] Broaden description of managed infra (#7798)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/getting-started/overview.md

language: en
---

> As the cloud native management plane, Meshery enables the adoption, operation, and management of Kubernetes clusters and their lifecycle. Meshery's powerful performance management functionality is useful whether your running workloads on Kubernetes or outside of Kubernetes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the cloud native management plane, Meshery enables the adoption, operation, and management of Kubernetes clusters and their lifecycle. Meshery's powerful performance management functionality is useful whether you are running workloads on Kubernetes or outside of Kubernetes. 
```

Whether making a Day 0 adoption choice or maintaining a Day 2 deployment, Meshery has useful capabilities in either circumstance. Targeted audience for Meshery project would be any technology operators that leverage service mesh in their ecosystem; this includes developers, devops engineers, decision makers, architects, and organizations that rely on microservices platform.

### Meshery is for cloud native patterns

> Through MeshModel, Meshery describes infrastructure under management, enabling you to define cloud native designs and patterns and then to export those designs and share within the <a href="https://meshery.io">Meshery Catalog</a>. 

Author: Thanks for the explanation of MeshModel, @leecalcote

### Meshery is for performance management

Meshery helps users weigh the value of their cloud native deployments against the overhead incurred in running different deployment scenarios and different configruations. Meshery provides statistical analysis of the request latency and throughput seen across various permutations of your workload, infrastructure and infrastructure configuration. In addition to request latency and throughput, Meshery also tracks memory and CPU overhead in of the nodes in your cluster. Measure your data plane and control plane against different sets of workloads and infrastructures.

Anytime performance questions are to be answered, they are subjective to the specific workload and infrastructure used for measurement. Given this challenge, many projects refuse to publish their own performance data, because such tests can be quite invovled and misinterpreted.

> Beyond the need for performance and overhead data under a permutation of different workloads (applications) and types and sizes of infrastructure resources, the need for cross-project, apple-to-apple comparisons are also desired in order to facilitate a comparison of behavioral differences between cloud native and selection of their use. Individual projects shy from publishing test results of other, competing service meshes. An independent, unbiased, credible analysis is needed.

Reviewer: @leecalcote IMO the word service meshes makes more sense here or if cloud native is needed, can we rephrase the sentence? 

CC @jamieplu

Reviewer 2: @adithyaakrishna you're correct. 👍

> Beyond the need for performance and overhead data under a permutation of different workloads (applications) and types and sizes of infrastructure resources, the need for cross-project, apple-to-apple comparisons are also desired in order to facilitate a comparison of behavioral differences between cloud antive  and selection of their use. Individual projects shy from publishing test results of other, competing service meshes. An independent, unbiased, credible analysis is needed.

Reviewer 2: Misspelling here.

> Beyond the need for performance and overhead data under a permutation of different workloads (applications) and types and sizes of infrastructure resources, the need for cross-project, apple-to-apple comparisons are also desired in order to facilitate a comparison of behavioral differences between cloud antive  and selection of their use. Individual projects shy from publishing test results of other, competing service meshes. An independent, unbiased, credible analysis is needed.

Author: ```suggestion
Beyond the need for performance and overhead data under a permutation of different workloads (applications) and types and sizes of infrastructure resources, the need for cross-project, apple-to-apple comparisons are also desired in order to facilitate a comparison of behavioral differences between cloud native and selection of their use. Individual projects shy from publishing test results of other, competing service meshes. An independent, unbiased, credible analysis is needed.
```
